add jsonb's index use case (#1909)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-create-index.md

CREATE INDEX people_names ON people ((first_name || ' ' || last_name));
```

> This syntax is quite useful when using a semi-structured table with [JSONB](/sql/data-types/data-type-jsonb.md) datatype. Here is an example of create an index on a jsonb's field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This syntax is quite useful when using a semi-structured table with [JSONB](/sql/data-types/data-type-jsonb.md) datatype. Here is an example of creating an index on a field within the JSONB column.
```

Reviewer: Others LGTM!
